the early days of my making trips for
the railroad fatal teachers for the
railroad I had taken the alligator and
when we got the fourth test the other
three men in the palace maid came home
by train but I got off at Stacey deal
and got a man by the name of traces take
me in the Qataris and it seems that the
Appalachian and then tapping in their
telephones and they had left their done
engine now betting intense this I found
this man Tracy that was planning to go
in there with psychologists and battle
things done it that bluntly
epaulette in trouble so it come just
right from a between with him well we
started out with the back position of
course I walk most of the way and I
didn't have I had the pitching yeah but
I didn't have a gun with me and mr.
Tracy took along a little single gauge
shotgun he said you can take this
because you'll be walking ahead most
away and you may get some parties
breaking news
meals on the road while I took the gun
and went on head and definitely got you
know Tim the porn the first and Spruce
Grove short thick right along both sides
of the path so it's a very narrow path
through this but when you get almost
down the chimney ponds you come to the
place they had cut out has built a long
table by driving stakes and poles and
foot split zones and they covered it
with oil cloth well just before I came
to this place it was cut off back in
there well the table would I kept
hearing a funny noise I thought first
might be a deal brewing but I just I did
his London and I naturally kind of crept
along easy and when I come by this point
of bushes I was within about 10 feet of
a big bear satnaam an agency of this
table and he was tearing that - or by
strips he it smelt the molasses syrup
that they'd used pancakes so forth and
he used tried to find it
well like a fool I thought if I could
hit him right in the eye I could give
him and he was looking right at me and I
fired the charge of birdshot right to
his eye and he made one lunge right over
that table and he struck on his head
beyond and he was all twisted up in the
leaves and brush there quite some time
and I was trying to give another shell
in the Goblin it's stuck and about that
time right that Lee who was cooked with
lipatti
came along and he said he said I heard
your shoes when you shoot that I said
the batter and he says you don't mean to
tell me that you shot at a man with that
20 gauge shotguns Redshaw I did that
just what I did and I said you come over
here and he went over and saw the blood
all over the loser glass he says well
why was the man I said he went right in
that thicket right then he's right there
now and I had to gather shell in the gun
man but regrets in that but to survive
we couldn't see the bear until he
started but he was right there well I
knew he's don't let me fall again for
much every one of my butt
the fault was to think and to serve and
that was watching a blood after the Sun
everything is he couldn't father and
father loved sorry he got a wake up a
birth camera he probably died though one
night bad one I realized so you're the
Big Bear Cooper the goods Nathan was
standing right up there yes
wow it's a wonder he didn't take that
take the challenge Jill I know it but
maybe Teddy couldn't see anywhere he
shot him no he couldn't he couldn't do
anything he's trying to get out the way
is fast be good well the only thing for
me to do anyway I don't know what